jarmo asks what PC components to cut
corners on if your budget is limited and
the answer to this one is really obvious
your case I see people spending over
$100 on a case for a system that's like
$800 $900 $1,000 the ATX standard hasn't
changed in 30 years while you might have
to drill some speed holes into it you
can use basically any case with enough
creativity and uh elbow grease another
one that I would say you can cut corners
on is cooling just use a stock cooler
it's the kind of thing that sure you're
not going to necessarily run at the
maximum turbo speeds and it might be a
little bit loud today but you can always
save up and replace it later whereas if
you replace something like a motherboard
or CPU or GPU you are not going to get
back what you spent when you sell it so
you're going to lose a lot in that
transaction on the upgrade this video is
sponsored by nexo you can check out
their gripon case at the link in the
video description